Cloudflare - The Web Performance & Security Company | Cloudflare   
+44 20 3514 6970
|
Support
|
Log In
|
Why Cloudflare
Solutions
Products
Documentation
Pricing
Partners
Sign Up
Under Attack?
A global network built for the cloud

Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable.

Secure your websites, APIs, and Internet applications.
Protect corporate networks, employees, and devices.
Write and deploy code that runs on the network edge.
What is Cloudflare? (1 min)
Learn More
Protect and accelerate your websites, apps, and teams.
Get Started Free
Contact Sales
WHAT'S NEW
D1 database

Cloudflare now supports an embedded database to use within the Workers ecosystem, giving developers an easy way to store and access data from their Workers.

Learn More
Web3 Gateway early access

Our IPFS and Ethereum gateways eliminate the need for developers to run IPFS nodes or browser integrations when building Web3 applications.

Learn More
Keeping tabs on third party client-side security risks

Join this session to learn how Cloudflare can help your business stay safe from malicious third party script security risks.

Register Now
Cloudflare is the foundation for your infrastructure, applications, and teams.

Cloudflare secures and ensures the reliability of your external-facing resources such as websites, APIs, and applications. It protects your internal resources such as behind-the-firewall applications, teams, and devices. And it is your platform for developing globally-scalable applications.

Integrated Security + Performance

Deeply integrated products that form a unified control plane.

Shared Intelligence

A global cloud network that spans over 270 cities in more than 100 countries.

Ease of Use

No code changes required; the Cloudflare dashboard enables quick configuration.

Programmable Edge

Augment existing applications or create entirely new ones without configuring or maintaining infrastructure.

EXPLORE OUR PRODUCTS
The Integrated Global Cloud Network
Application ServicesZero Trust ServicesNetwork ServicesDeveloper Platform
Application Services

Secure and accelerate your apps, APIs, and websites in minutes by pointing your DNS to Cloudflare. Instantly turn on performance and security services.

Learn More

CDN

DNS

DDoS protection

Bot Management

Load Balancing

Rate Limiting

WAF

API Protection

Cloudflare's SASE
Cloudflare One delivers networking and security as one cloud-native architecture

The public Internet is becoming the new corporate network, and that shift calls for a radical reimagining of network security and connectivity. Learn how Cloudflare One makes it easy and intuitive to connect users, build branch office on-ramps, and delegate application access — often in a matter of minutes.

Learn More
Need help getting started? Get a personalized recommendation.
Answer a Few Easy Questions
CLOUDFLARE FOR INFRASTRUCTURE
Protect your Internet presence.

Your website, APIs, and applications are your key channels for doing business with your customers and suppliers. As more and more shift online, ensuring these resources are secure, performant and reliable is a business imperative.

Cloudflare for Infrastructure is a complete solution to enable this for anything connected to the Internet.

Security

Firewall, DDoS protection, rate limiting, bot management, VPN, and more.

Learn more
Performance

Intelligent routing, mobile & image optimization, video, cache.

Learn more
Reliability

Load balancing, DNS, virtual backbone.

Learn more
ZERO TRUST SERVICES
Secure your team and devices.

Yesterday’s static access controls – and the closed networks they relied upon for trust and verification – are no match for today’s open enterprise. Cloudflare replaces legacy security perimeters with our global network, making getting work done on the Internet faster and safer for teams.

Cloudflare Access

Zero Trust access for all your applications (cloud, on-premise, or SaaS) without a VPN.

Learn more
Cloudflare Gateway

Secure and inspect corporate Internet traffic, without sacrificing performance.

Learn more
Cloudflare Browser Isolation

Cloudflare Browser Isolation is a browser isolation solution that runs in the cloud away from your networks and endpoints.

Learn more
CLOUDFLARE WORKERS
Build globally scalable applications.

The traditional model of building cloud applications requires you to set up containers and deploy to zones. Should your application or website surge in popularity, you have to manage the scaling process.

Cloudflare Workers changes that. You write the code, and we handle the rest. With serverless functions, storage at the edge, and instant static sites, you can build your applications directly onto our network.

Learn more
No servers to maintain
JavaScript, Rust, C, C++
Automatic scaling
FEATURED STORIES
Your customers are global. Why isn’t your network?
HubSpot

Learn how HubSpot worked hand-in-hand with Cloudflare to rapidly secure and accelerate thousands of customer domains.

Read more
LendingTree

Cloudflare helped LendingTree save over $250,000 in just 5 months and reduced Bot attacks by over 70%

Learn more
Thomson Reuters

FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business, uses Cloudflare to secure and accelerate thousands of customer sites.

Read more
Trusted by millions of Internet properties
View case studies
Get started in just 5 minutes. Try Cloudflare today.
Get Started
Contact Sales

Sales

Enterprise Sales
Become a Partner
Contact Sales:
+44 20 3514 6970

Getting Started

Industry Analysts
Pricing
Case Studies
White Papers
Webinars
Learning Center

Community

Community Hub
Blog
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Cloudflare TV

Developers

Developer Hub
Cloudflare Workers
Integrations

Support

Help Center
Cloudflare Status
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & Safety

Company

About Cloudflare
Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion
Investor Relations
Our Team
Press
Careers
Cloudflare Connect
Logo
Network Map
© 2022 Cloudflare, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Report Security Issues
Cookie Preferences
Trademark