National Institutes of Health (NIH) | Turning Discovery Into Health  Skip to main content
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
Search the NIH Website
NIH Employee Intranet Staff Directory En Español
Site Menu
Health Information
Grants & Funding
News & Events
Research & Training
Institutes at NIH
About NIH
COVID-19 
COVID.gov
NIH Research information | Español
NIH staff guidance (NIH Only)
Hide emergency message
June Is Men's Health Month

Explore how you can practice healthy living decisions.

Learn more »

Blood Pressure and Your Pregnancy

Keeping a healthy blood pressure before, during, and after pregnancy can help prevent complications.

Learn more »

Healthy Vision

Spread the word about steps families can take to protect their vision — in both English and Spanish.

Learn more »

Celiac Awareness

Learn about celiac disease, a chronic digestive and immune disorder that damages the small intestine.

Learn more »

Caring for Moms’ Mental Health

Explore resources about depression and anxiety during pregnancy and after giving birth.

Learn more »

1
2
3
4
5
In the News

Macular Degeneration

Study confirms updated formula cuts risk of aging eye disease.

COVID-19 Treatment

Immune modulator drugs improved survival for hospitalized adults.

Asthma Trial

Testing a monoclonal antibody against asthma in urban youth.

HIV Therapy

An antibody combination may offer alternative to daily antiretrovirals.

NIH at a Glance
nih-at-a-glance-whoweare.jpg
Who We Are

NIH is the nation’s medical research agency, supporting scientific studies that turn discovery into health.

lawrence-tabak-portrait-thumbnail.jpg
The NIH Director

Lawrence A. Tabak, D.D.S., Ph.D., is the Acting NIH Director and provides leadership for the 27 institutes and centers that make up the NIH.

nih-at-a-glance-funding.jpg
Funding for Research

NIH is the largest source of funding for medical research in the world, creating hundreds of thousands of high-quality jobs.

nih-at-a-glance-labs.jpg
Labs at NIH

Scientists conduct research on NIH campuses across the U.S., as part of our Intramural Research Program.

nih-at-a-glance-training.jpg
Training at NIH

NIH provides training opportunities internally, as well as at universities and other institutions across the U.S.

researcher-holding-petri-dish.jpg
Jobs at NIH

The central recruitment point of access to all NIH jobs and training opportunities

COVID-19
ACTIV

A public-private partnership to develop a coordinated research strategy to speed the most promising COVID-19 vaccines and treatments.

Rapid Acceleration of Diagnostics (RADx)

An initiative to speed innovation in the development, commercialization, and implementation of technologies for COVID-19 testing.

RECOVER
(link is external)

A new research initiative to understand, prevent, and treat the long-term effects of COVID-19.

COVID-19 Treatment Guidelines

Guidelines from NIH for the diagnosis, treatment, and control of COVID-19.

Research information from NIH

NIH supports research in COVID-19 testing, treatments, and vaccines. También disponible en español.

NIH staff guidance on coronavirus NIH Only

Guidance to NIH staff, including employees, contractors, trainees, and volunteers, related to COVID-19.

Featured Resources & Initiatives
ARPA-H

A new science agency proposed by President Joseph Biden as part of NIH to drive biomedical breakthroughs and provide transformative solutions for all patients.

Anti-Sexual Harassment

NIH does not tolerate pervasive or severe harassment of any kind, including sexual harassment.

Ending Structural Racism

Learn more about NIH’s efforts to end structural racism in biomedical research through the UNITE initiative.

All of Us Research Program

A research effort to revolutionize how we improve health and treat disease.

NIH HEAL Initiative

Trans-agency effort to speed scientific solutions to stem the national opioid crisis.

Clinical Trials

Learn about participating in clinical trials and where to find them.

Accelerating Medicines Partnership

A bold venture to help identify new treatments and cures for diseases.

Impact of NIH Research

NIH-supported research has had a major positive impact on nearly all of our lives.

Medical Research Initiatives

Important initiatives aimed at improving medical research.

Nondiscrimination Notice and Language Assistance Services
English Español 繁體中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Русский العربي Kreyòl Ayisyen Français Polski Português Italiano Deutsch 日本語 فارس
Connect with Us
Contact Us 
Twitter
(link is external)
 
Facebook
(link is external)
 
Instagram
(link is external)
 
YouTube
(link is external)
 
Flickr
(link is external)
 
More Social Media from NIH
Footer
NIH Home En Español Site Map Visitor Information Frequently Asked Questions Web Policies and Notices NIH Website Archives
Freedom of Information Act No Fear Act HHS Vulnerability Disclosure
(link is external)
 Office of Inspector General
(link is external)
 USA.gov – Government Made Easy
(link is external)

NIH…Turning Discovery Into Health®

National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
(link is external)